with the personnel in my division departments on board my ship I was more
of you know you want to see Amir far I was more arms reach you will
always be yellow Mister or ms and soon had a command of your all
always going to be looked at as the cactus your lot would do was a
girl and that applies even if you're a Mustang you know you used to
be in the cheese yes you are not able to use it as a war during the
war and that applies you know you want to know what your people with
the families are you know use the wife that song is always going to
college any special needs that would be able to talk to a person be
first of all you don't want to be seen as a as a machine at all like
that but at the same time you need to keep it had at all to reach
because we are in the professional all it would be all but no one would
call about at all and there's going to be it's autumn wanted you
may be called upon to build an arms way and that is for the good water
this is you must be ready to execute the mission and we all combat
medals